== The Backchannel Application

This application was created for the CSC 517 Spr 2014 Ruby on Rails Project.

=== Team Members
* Rachel Lloyd (rjlloyd)
* William Morrow (wemorrow)
* Mitchell Neville (mdnevill)

=== Testing Framework
Test::Unit is used for unit testing, while RSpec is used for integration and functional
tests.

=== Starting URL
http://152.1.13.231:5801/

=== To Run the Application
For a fresh install, run:
%bundle install
%rake db:seed

Then start the server:
%rails server -p 5801

=== On First Startup
==== Seeds
The application seeded with a few users and categories. The super_admin account
(username: super_admin@backchannel.com password: 'super_admin') is created along
 with an admin account (username: admin@backchannel.com password: 'admin'). Two
 other users (Mitchell and Marty) are created as well.

==== Managing Users and Categories
 The categories Science and History are created initially as approved, while
 Biology is left unapproved to demonstrate this capability. As an admin, you may
 navigate to Manage Users using the top right dropdown menu button after log in.
 From here, you may view, delete, or promote users to admin status. Regular users are
 denied access to viewing users.

 You may also navigate to Categories from the top menu, to display, approve, or
 delete categories. Users may request new categories, but they must be approved
 before use. If you wish to deny a category approval, it is simply deleted. Regular
 users have access to the Categories index, so that they can check the status of their
 proposed categories.

==== Searching
 You may search from the top search input area. You may select to search by
 category name, user name, or post content from the drop down box next to the
 search input.

=== Other Notes
* The super administrator account cannot be deleted and is seeded in the database during
deployment. The account information is:
email: super_admin@backchannel.com
password: 'super_admin'
* Signed in users may propose categories, which are to be approved by an administrator.
Administrators may choose to deny a proposal, which essentially is deleting the
category from the list of categories.
* The search bar, links to posts and categories, and user management links are all
included in the layout's navigation bar. You may choose to refine your search
by selecting a search criteria option from the dropdown list beside the search
form.
* When using the search bar, searching by category looks for an exact match of the category
name. If you wish, you may also view all categories and view posts associated with that specific
category.